README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Add README overview and standardise logo and modal typography
Adds a promotional project overview to the README, standardises TriPlan logo positioning across pages, and fixes mobile font-size inconsistencies in the Add Workout modal for uniform input styling

README.md, after:

# TriPlan

**The vibe-coded, race-centric triathlon planner for athletes who hate spreadsheets.**

TriPlan is a modern, minimalist training log built for triathletes who want to focus on the work, not the admin. It’s designed to be clean, fast, and strictly race-focused. No clutter, no social feeds, just your race and the path to get there.

## Features

- **Race-Centric Planning**: Everything revolves around your "A" race. The countdown is always on.
- **Vibe-Coded UI**: Dark mode by default (but Light mode ready), with semantic colors and slick interactions.
- **Strict Data Isolation**: Your data is yours. Multi-user support with Row Level Security (RLS) ensures total privacy.
- **Mobile First**: Add workouts from your phone without zooming, pinching, or squinting.
- **Data Freedom**: Simple CSV import and export. We don't lock you in.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repo**
2. **Install dependencies**: `npm install`
3. **Set up Supabase**:
   - Create a project at [supabase.com](https://supabase.com)
   - Run the schema migration in SQL Editor
   - Add credentials to `.env.local`
4. **Run it**: `npm run dev`

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js 15 (App Router)**
- **Supabase (Auth & Database)**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Lucide Icons**

Built for speed. Built for PRs.
